.nh
.TH "gh" "1" "Feb 2021" "" ""

.SH NAME
.PP
gh\-api \- Make an authenticated GitHub API request


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBgh api  [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Makes an authenticated HTTP request to the GitHub API and prints the response.

.PP
The endpoint argument should either be a path of a GitHub API v3 endpoint, or
"graphql" to access the GitHub API v4.

.PP
Placeholder values ":owner", ":repo", and ":branch" in the endpoint argument will
get replaced with values from the repository of the current directory.

.PP
The default HTTP request method is "GET" normally and "POST" if any parameters
were added. Override the method with \fB\fC\-\-method\fR\&.

.PP
Pass one or more \fB\fC\-\-raw\-field\fR values in "key=value" format to add
JSON\-encoded string parameters to the POST body.

.PP
The \fB\fC\-\-field\fR flag behaves like \fB\fC\-\-raw\-field\fR with magic type conversion based
on the format of the value:

.RS
.IP \(bu 2
literal values "true", "false", "null", and integer numbers get converted to
appropriate JSON types;
.IP \(bu 2
placeholder values ":owner", ":repo", and ":branch" get populated with values
from the repository of the current directory;
.IP \(bu 2
if the value starts with "@", the rest of the value is interpreted as a
filename to read the value from. Pass "\-" to read from standard input.

.RE

.PP
For GraphQL requests, all fields other than "query" and "operationName" are
interpreted as GraphQL variables.

.PP
Raw request body may be passed from the outside via a file specified by \fB\fC\-\-input\fR\&.
Pass "\-\&" to read from standard input. In this mode, parameters specified via
\fB\fC\-\-field\fR flags are serialized into URL query parameters.

.PP
In \fB\fC\-\-paginate\fR mode, all pages of results will sequentially be requested until
there are no more pages of results. For GraphQL requests, this requires that the
original query accepts an \fB\fC$endCursor: String\fR variable and that it fetches the
\fB\fCpageInfo{ hasNextPage, endCursor }\fR set of fields from a collection.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-F\fP, \fB\-\-field\fP=[]
	Add a typed parameter in \fB\fCkey=value\fR format

.PP
\fB\-H\fP, \fB\-\-header\fP=[]
	Add a HTTP request header in \fB\fCkey:value\fR format

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\fP=""
	The GitHub hostname for the request (default "github.com")

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-include\fP[=false]
	Include HTTP response headers in the output

.PP
\fB\-\-input\fP=""
	The \fB\fCfile\fR to use as body for the HTTP request

.PP
\fB\-X\fP, \fB\-\-method\fP="GET"
	The HTTP method for the request

.PP
\fB\-\-paginate\fP[=false]
	Make additional HTTP requests to fetch all pages of results

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-raw\-field\fP=[]
	Add a string parameter in \fB\fCkey=value\fR format

.PP
\fB\-\-silent\fP[=false]
	Do not print the response body


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=false]
	Show help for command


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# list releases in the current repository
$ gh api repos/:owner/:repo/releases

# post an issue comment
$ gh api repos/:owner/:repo/issues/123/comments \-f body='Hi from CLI'

# add parameters to a GET request
$ gh api \-X GET search/issues \-f q='repo:cli/cli is:open remote'

# set a custom HTTP header
$ gh api \-H 'Accept: application/vnd.github.XYZ\-preview+json' ...

# list releases with GraphQL
$ gh api graphql \-F owner=':owner' \-F name=':repo' \-f query='
  query($name: String!, $owner: String!) {
    repository(owner: $owner, name: $name) {
      releases(last: 3) {
        nodes { tagName }
      }
    }
  }
'

# list all repositories for a user
$ gh api graphql \-\-paginate \-f query='
  query($endCursor: String) {
    viewer {
      repositories(first: 100, after: $endCursor) {
        nodes { nameWithOwner }
        pageInfo {
          hasNextPage
          endCursor
        }
      }
    }
  }
'


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBgh(1)\fP
