site/content/en/docs/commands/ssh-host.md, before:

---
title: "ssh-host"
description: >
  Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node
---


## minikube ssh-host

Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node

### Synopsis

Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node.

```shell
minikube ssh-host [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -n, --node string   The node to ssh into. Defaults to the primary control plane.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --add_dir_header                   If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages
      --alsologtostderr                  log to standard error as well as files
  -b, --bootstrapper string              The name of the cluster bootstrapper that will set up the Kubernetes cluster. (default "kubeadm")
  -h, --help                             
      --log_backtrace_at traceLocation   when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace (default :0)
      --log_dir string                   If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log_file string                  If non-empty, use this log file
      --log_file_max_size uint           Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to. Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited. (default 1800)
      --logtostderr                      log to standard error instead of files
      --one_output                       If true, only write logs to their native severity level (vs also writing to each lower severity level
  -p, --profile string                   The name of the minikube VM being used. This can be set to allow having multiple instances of minikube independently. (default "minikube")
      --skip_headers                     If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages
      --skip_log_headers                 If true, avoid headers when opening log files
      --stderrthreshold severity         logs at or above this threshold go to stderr (default 2)
  -v, --v Level                          number for the log level verbosity
      --vmodule moduleSpec               comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

Commit message:

Add option to add the ssh-host key to known_hosts
This matches the ssh-add command for identity keys,
it will add the host key to the ssh known_hosts file.

If a ssh key for the host already exists in the file,
it will not be added again so can be run multiple times.

site/content/en/docs/commands/ssh-host.md, after:

---
title: "ssh-host"
description: >
  Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node
---


## minikube ssh-host

Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node

### Synopsis

Retrieve the ssh host key of the specified node.

```shell
minikube ssh-host [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --append-known   Add host key to SSH known_hosts file
  -n, --node string    The node to ssh into. Defaults to the primary control plane.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --add_dir_header                   If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages
      --alsologtostderr                  log to standard error as well as files
  -b, --bootstrapper string              The name of the cluster bootstrapper that will set up the Kubernetes cluster. (default "kubeadm")
  -h, --help                             
      --log_backtrace_at traceLocation   when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace (default :0)
      --log_dir string                   If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log_file string                  If non-empty, use this log file
      --log_file_max_size uint           Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to. Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited. (default 1800)
      --logtostderr                      log to standard error instead of files
      --one_output                       If true, only write logs to their native severity level (vs also writing to each lower severity level
  -p, --profile string                   The name of the minikube VM being used. This can be set to allow having multiple instances of minikube independently. (default "minikube")
      --skip_headers                     If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages
      --skip_log_headers                 If true, avoid headers when opening log files
      --stderrthreshold severity         logs at or above this threshold go to stderr (default 2)
  -v, --v Level                          number for the log level verbosity
      --vmodule moduleSpec               comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```
